# myMemories
My memories is one project to learn full stack use backend,FrontEnd and React envarioment for my code to be styles and wirte it in JS 

## MERN
MERN, which stands for MongoDB, Express, React, and Node. js, is a popular tech stack used in building web applications. It involves frontend work (with React), backend work (with Express and NodeJS) and a database (with MongoDB)

## Memories Application to use front end and the back end part
using the frond end in React and node.js for the back end part

## MongoDb
MongoDB Atlas comes with built-in operational best practices so you can focus on delivering business value and accelerating application development instead of managing databases,the Cluster Builder or via the API and be on your way.

## Automated Deployments
Infrastructure provisioning, setup, and deployment is fully automated with MongoDB Atlas. Select a cloud provider, region, instance size, memory, and additional configurations in the Cluster Builder or via the API and be on your way.

## HTTP Status Codes
This page is created from HTTP status code information found at ietf.org and Wikipedia. 
Click on the category heading or the status code link to read more.
for the link: https://www.restapitutorial.com/httpstatuscodes.html

HTTP requests are generated by a user's browser as the user interacts with web properties. For example, if a user clicks on a hyperlink, the browser will send a series of "HTTP GET"

 200 OK
The request has succeeded. The information returned with the response is dependent on the method used in the request, for example:

Why is port 500 open?
UDP Port 500 should be opened to allow Internet Security Association and Key Management Protocol (ISAKMP) traffic to be forwarded through your firewalls.

What is a 500 response code?
Image result for port 200, 400, 500 HTTPS calls
The HTTP status code 500 is a generic error response. It means that the server encountered an unexpected condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request. This error is usually returned by the server when no other error code is suitable.

400 Bad Request
The HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP) 400 Bad Request response status code indicates that the server cannot or will not process the request due to something that is perceived to be a client error (for example, malformed request syntax, invalid request message framing, or deceptive request routing)

### GET an entity corresponding to the requested resource is sent in the response;
### HEAD the entity-header fields corresponding to the requested resource are sent in the response without any message-body;
### POST an entity describing or containing the result of the action;
TRACE an entity containing the request message as received by the end server.

## Request Body
When receiving a POST or PUT request, the request body might be important to your application. Getting at the body data is a little more involved than accessing request headers. The request object that's passed in to a handler implements the ReadableStream interface. This stream can be listened to or piped elsewhere just like any other stream. We can grab the data right out of the stream by listening to the stream's 'data' and 'end' events.

Which of the statuses promise contains?

A Promise is in one of these states:
pending: initial state, neither fulfilled nor rejected.
fulfilled: meaning that the operation was completed successfully.
rejected: meaning that the operation failed.

## Netlify
Build scalable,
dynamic applications
Deploy server-side code that works as API endpoints, runs automatically in response to events, or processes more complex jobs in the background.
Netlify is a web developer platform that multiplies productivity. By unifying the elements of the modern decoupled web, from local development to advanced edge logic, Netlify enables a 10x faster path to much more performant, secure, and scalable websites and apps.

## Generate Deploy Previews
One of the most useful aspects of Netlify is the ability to generate unique Deploy Previews for each pull/merge request. Every push to the pull/merge request updates the Deploy Preview and generates a unique atomic deploy with a permalink that you can share and refer back to.


## Component-Based

Build encapsulated components that manage their own state, then compose them to make complex UIs.
and using element as Cards made for the Material UI for give a smooth presentation

## Material UI for the style of this APP

it useful to builded and deploy it on an easy way to make it.
https://material-ui.com

## Hooks 
React's new "hooks" APIs give function components the ability to use local component state, execute side effects, and more.

React Redux now offers a set of hook APIs as an alternative to the existing connect() Higher Order Component. These APIs allow you to subscribe to the Redux store and dispatch actions, without having to wrap your components in connect().

 The selector will be called with the entire Redux store state as its only argument. The selector will be run whenever the function component renders (unless its reference hasn't changed since a previous render of the component so that a cached result can be returned by the hook without re-running the selector). useSelector() will also subscribe to the Redux store, and run your selector whenever an action is dispatched.
 
 ## Hook callbacks

Key events in the lifetime of asynchronous events have been categorized into four areas: instantiation, before/after the callback is called, and when the instance is destroyed.

init(asyncId, type, triggerAsyncId, resource)#

asyncId <number> A unique ID for the async resource.
type <string> The type of the async resource.
triggerAsyncId <number> The unique ID of the async resource in whose execution context this async resource was created.
resource <Object> Reference to the resource representing the async operation, needs to be released during destroy.
 
 ## Node.js 
 https://nodejs.org/en/about/
 using this code for the back end code to make the request code
 HTTP is a first-class citizen in Node.js, designed with streaming and low latency in mind. This makes Node.js well suited for the foundation of a web library or framework.
 HTTP is a first-class citizen in Node.js, designed with streaming and low latency in mind. This makes Node.js well suited for the foundation of a web library or framework.
 
 Class: AsyncLocalStorage#
History
This class creates stores that stay coherent through asynchronous operations.

While you can create your own implementation on top of the node:async_hooks module, AsyncLocalStorage should be preferred as it is a performant and memory safe implementation that involves significant optimizations that are non-obvious to implement.

The following example uses AsyncLocalStorage to build a simple logger that assigns IDs to incoming HTTP requests and includes them in messages logged within each request.
 
 
## For the Front end using Netlify.js
Using this great JS platform, launch the Back End where will be visual and use an URL of the project
https://www.netlify.com

## Using Heroku can be available for everyone
Data on Heroku
Build data-driven apps where the store of the back end of the app will be laungched and give the opportunity to watch it with out running in the local host. working in this learning how to launch the APP
https://www.heroku.com/home

# Requirements
* Visual Studio
* Node.js
* Moongoose
* Hooks
* Express
* MongoDb
* Netlify
* Heroku (deploy application to the internet)
* Material UI (for the design in mobile device and responsive application)
